All right, so before we go into adding notes and notes, let's go ahead and see if we can add or at
least be able to see some sort of dummy data showing at the bottom because we have data source.
Let's use that.
But before we do that, of course, we need to have that infrastructure right, which is going to be
at the bottom somewhere.
Bottom of the button, I'm going to have this list.
So right there after that scope there, just put enter.
First of all, I'm going to add it a fighter because I need that nice divider.
And let's give put a modifier here.
I want padding about 10 deep.
And then let's add a lazy column, because that's what we use to load a list of items.
OK, let's use that to move our past items.
In this case, make sure you pick the correct one.
I'm going to use these this items items list there, and I'm going to pass what and when I pass notes
list there and another lambda say note.
And here, for now, I'm just going to say text and pass.
They note that title because this note is going to be an object, whereas this note's coming from,
well, we should be passing along in notes screen.
So whatever this is called, we're going to pass that notes list and voila.
So because I know I have at the bottom here in this note screen preview, I can actually pass that source
of data notes that are source and then I'm going to get the load notes as such should go ahead and split
this.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
And voila, you can see now we have our list of those notes dummy data I get.
Obviously, that's not what we're going for, but at least we know things are working.
At least we're able to get information, get the data that we want.
OK.
This is exciting.
Now, if you want to run this actually to see something, we need to go back to remain active because
remember, this is what it's called when we actually run into see on the screen.
All right.
So this is a mistake.
We all make notes.
Data source and load notes.
Let's go ahead and run.
And there you have it.
We have the same thing we saw, but at least now we know that things are working.
OK, so back to our code, let's get rid of that now.
This is not what we're going for, so we need to add some sort of a role that it looks nice, something
like this.
Nothing out of this world, but something nice.
So at the bottom here, I'm going to create another function.
So at composable, it's a function and it's going to be a note row and I'm going to pass the modifier
because we should always do this an optional one that I'm going to be passing.
And it's finalized like that.
Good.
And let's pass the note, right?
We actually need to note.
We can show it's going to be a note object type and add on note clicked because we want to make sure
that when we click each row, something happens.
I'm going to pass the note object so we can do whatever we want to do with it.
So you need to like that.
OK, I hope this is making sense.
So we always passing the responsibility policy to the calling function.
All right.
So there we go.
So what I want to do here?
I'm just going to start putting a surface that always helps.
Yeah, modifier.
I'm going to use the modifier we're passing, so we customize things the right way for dpi all around.
And then what I want to do, I'm going to use the clip function here.
What this that is is going to allow us to clip using a shape.
And then here I'm going to see I want to clip it with the rounded corners shape.
And the beauty here is just I can't specify the size that I want to clip.
If you look closely, you can see that I only clipped the top end like that, right?
So I can say top end.
I want to clipped by three dpi and then the bottom.
And if I need to, I can do.
Or let's say, bottom start just to be dramatic here by the same three dpi.
Very cool.
And then I'm going to say that.
Feel Max width.
Let's give it.
Color.
Let's say, Carla.
This is going to be the color for the entire surface.
So I'm going to say zero x and f f the f e.
And six.
eBay, again, you can change by clicking once you have that hex, you can come click on the gutter
and change to your color, but that's that that looks good.
Before I even go in for, let's also add elevation what 60p?
So next, I'm going to add a column such.
And for this column here, I'm going to say a modifier, and I'm going to make this clickable because
I need that click event.
We'll see later.
And I want to also give a padding.
Say horizontal.
Of about 14 deep and vertical padding of about six deep.
And continuing here, what I want to do is I want to say horizontal alignment alignment is going to
be start all the way to the right.
OK.
And now I'm just going to have fun by putting text.
The first text I'm going to add here is going to be the note that title.
And let's put a style, I'm going to use material theme topography.
Subtitle one, actually, two,
then another text.
There's going to be note description.
Give it a style like this, and the last one is going to be.
Note, I want the entry date now for the entry date here.
I can do more because it will come in as gibberish.
No.
So what are we going to do?
I'm going to say dot and what format?
Use a formatter here.
So it's very important because as you can see, format or type is going to be daytime format or object.
So I'm going to start typing date type, format, object and then I'm going to invoke the Aave pattern.
This of patterns allow us to show dates in a different format so it can say, for instance, July 18th
or Wednesday, July 23.
Can even have years of 1999, something like this.
So that's what we are trying to pass here to say.
OK, what is the pattern that we want to pass now?
Now there are a lot of patterns, right for date time format.
You can say daytime formatter patterns on Google, you can find a lot of them and they will look like
something like this e
comma space D and then m m m like this.
OK.
So this will give us a nice format of the day of the week and then the date and the month or so, and
then we still inside of our text there.
I can go back and put in a style
material scene, typography and I a caption make it smaller.
Right.
So if you go here and let's go ahead and refresh, we should see something different, hopefully.
Of course, you won't see anything different because we're not calling different note of row.
What a waste of time.
OK.
So here I'm going to hold note row.
Sorry, I'm just smiling here.
And we're past our note and therefore on click.
For now, I am just not going to do anything because we don't want to deal with it until later.
So let's go ahead and refresh one more time.
Hopefully, we should see something pleasing to the eye and one that very nice can see.
It looks really, really nice because we changed that.
Make this perhaps bigger.
You can look at it now because we changed the clip.
We say the bottom start and top end, right?
These we added that clip and looks really nice.
But most importantly, look at the data that we have now.
We have the actual title of our entry.
We have the description, the actual entry and the date.
It's it's Thursday, the 28th of October.
All right.
So things are looking good.
In fact, if I go ahead and run now this app on my emulator or in your case, when your phone is my
case actually is on the phone, you can see that we have these nice entries.
All of these are dummy data, but nonetheless we have this infrastructure set up for us.
OK, so what's left to do now is to be able to add something like this and then save it when we save
it, we want to be able to add to this list.
OK.
That's what we're going to be looking at next.